All truth passes through three stages. First, it is ridiculed. Second, it is violently opposed. Third, it is accepted as being self-evident. —ARTHUR SCHOPENHAUER
The beginning of wisdom is the definition of terms. —SOCRATES
Perfection is achieved, not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away. —Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
Know the rules well, so you can break them effectively. —Dalai Lama XIV
I must not fear. Fear is the mind-killer. Fear is the little-death that brings total obliteration. I will face my fear. I will permit it to pass over me and through me. And when it has gone past I will turn the inner eye to see its path. Where the fear has gone there will be nothing. Only I will remain. —Bene Gesserit “Litany Against Fear,” from Frank Herbert’s Dune
The first principle is that you must not fool yourself, and you are the easiest person to fool. —Richard P. Feynman, Nobel Prize–winning physicist
γνωθι σεαυτόν [“Know Thyself”] —Inscription at Temple of Apollo at Adelphi
What gets measured gets managed. —Peter Drucker, recipient of Presidential Medal of Freedom
As to methods, there may be a million and then some, but principles are few. The man who grasps principles can successfully select his own methods. —Ralph Waldo Emerson
Everything is a miracle. It is a miracle that one does not dissolve in one’s bath like a lump of sugar. —Pablo Picasso
I saw an angel in the block of marble and I just chiseled until I set him free. —Michelangelo
It is vain to do with more what can be done with less. —William of Occam (c. 1288–1348), “Occam’s Razor”
The more technique you have, the less you have to worry about it. —Pablo Picasso
Being ignorant is not so much a shame, as being unwilling to learn. —BENJAMIN FRANKLIN
To see the world in a grain of sand, and to see heaven in a wild flower, hold infinity in the palm of your hands, and eternity in an hour. --William Blake
If the doors of perception were cleansed everything would appear to man as it is, infinite. --William Blake
You never know what is enough unless you know what is more than enough. --William Blake
No bird soars too high if he soars with his own wings. --William Blake
I exist as I am, that is enough. --Walt Whitman
Be curious, not judgmental. --Walt Whitman
...the powerful play goes on, and you will contribute a verse. --Walt Whitman
Re-examine all that you have been told... dismiss that which insults your soul. --Walt Whitman
And your very flesh shall be a great poem. --Walt Whitman
Behold I do not give lectures or a little charity, When I give I give myself. --Walt Whitman
Keep your face always toward the sunshine - and shadows will fall behind you. --Walt Whitman
I have learned that to be with those I like is enough --Walt Whitman
I may be drunk, Miss, but in the morning I will be sober and you will still be ugly. --Winston Churchill
The truth is incontrovertible. Malice may attack it, ignorance may deride it, but in the end, there it is. --Winston Churchill
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm. --Winston Churchill
If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything. --Mark Twain
Patriotism is supporting your country all the time, and your government when it deserves it. --Mark Twain
Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see. --Mark Twain
Be careless in your dress if you must, but keep a tidy soul. --Mark Twain
A fool thinks himself to be wise, but a wise man knows himself to be a fool. --William Shakespeare
Give me six hours to chop down a tree and I will spend the first four sharpening the axe. --Abraham Lincoln
Discipline is doing what you hate to do, but nonetheless doing it like you love it. —MIKE TYSON
Everything we hear is an opinion, not a fact. Everything we see is a perspective, not the truth. --Marcus Aurelius
When you arise in the morning, think of what a precious privilege it is to be alive - to breathe, to think, to enjoy, to love. --Marcus Aurelius
Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking. --Marcus Aurelius
You have power over your mind - not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength. --Marcus Aurelius
The universe is change; our life is what our thoughts make it. --Marcus Aurelius
Death smiles at us all, but all a man can do is smile back. --Marcus Aurelius
Waste no more time arguing about what a good man should be. Be one. --Marcus Aurelius
The soul becomes dyed with the color of its thoughts. --Marcus Aurelius
A man's worth is no greater than his ambitions. --Marcus Aurelius
The object of life is not to be on the side of the majority, but to escape finding oneself in the ranks of the insane. --Marcus Aurelius
Love is the most important thing in the world, but baseball is pretty good, too. --Yogi Berra
It ain't over till it's over. --Yogi Berra
When you come to a fork in the road, take it. --Yogi Berra
If you don't know where you are going, you'll end up someplace else. --Yogi Berra
You can observe a lot by just watching. --Yogi Berra
In theory there is no difference between theory and practice. In practice there is. --Yogi Berra
It's tough to make predictions, especially about the future. --Yogi Berra
Certain things catch your eye, but pursue only those that capture the heart. – Ancient Indian Proverb
Everything has beauty, but not everyone can see. –Confucius
If you're offered a seat on a rocket ship, don't ask what seat! Just get on. –Sheryl Sandberg
Education costs money.  But then so does ignorance. –Sir Claus Moser
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop. –Confucius
Remember that not getting what you want is sometimes a wonderful stroke of luck. –Dalai Lama
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter. –Martin Luther King Jr.
Do what you can, where you are, with what you have. –Teddy Roosevelt
Life is what we make it, always has been, always will be. –Grandma Moses
I'm selfish, impatient and a little insecure. I make mistakes, I am out of control and at times hard to handle. But if you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best. ― Marilyn Monroe
Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe. ― Albert Einstein
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken. ― Oscar Wilde
You've gotta dance like there's nobody watching, Love like you'll never be hurt, Sing like there's nobody listening, And live like it's heaven on earth. ― William W. Purkey
If you want to know what a man's like, take a good look at how he treats his inferiors, not his equals. ― J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire
Don’t worry what others are doing. Do you! – Russell Simmons
You will meet two kinds of people in life: ones who build you up and ones who tear you down. But in the end, you’ll thank them both.
First shalt thou take out the Holy Pin, then shalt thou count to three, no more, no less. Three shall be the number thou shalt count, and the number of the counting shall be three. Four shalt thou not count, neither count thou two, excepting that thou then proceed to three. Five is right out.  --Saint Attila, Holy Hand Grenade of Antioch